Database tasks can SKIP_TEST_DATABASE with environment variable (#39027)
rails/rails: activerecord/CHANGELOG.md

> *   Database rake tasks can skip the test database with SKIP_TEST_DATABASE environment variable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*   Add `SKIP_TEST_DATABASE` environment variable to disabling modifying the test database when `rails db:create` and `rails db:drop` are called.
```

> *   Add `SKIP_TEST_DATABASE` environment variable to disabling modifying the test database when `rails db:create` and `rails db:drop` are called.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
*   Add `SKIP_TEST_DATABASE` environment variable to disable modifying the test database when `rails db:create` and `rails db:drop` are called.
```

Either that or `... to disable modification of the test` or `...variable for disabling modification of the test`

`to disabling modifying the test` does not sounds right.
